docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc, before:

= Parameters

The parent key for all of the following parameters is `crossplane`.

== `namespace`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `syn-crossplane`

The namespace in which to deploy Crossplane.

== `providers`

[horizontal]
type:: dictionary
default:: undefined

A dictionary holding the https://crossplane.github.io/docs/v1.7/concepts/providers.html[Crossplane providers] to be installed.
The keys of the dict are used as names for the Provider objects.

== `monitoring.enabled`

[horizontal]
type:: bool
default:: `true`

If monitoring should be enabled for this component.
Requires the https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator[Prometheus Operator] to be installed.

== `monitoring.prometheus_rule_labels`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{"prometheus":"platform"}`

Labels to set on the alert rule configuration.
Can be used to ensure prometheus-operator picks up the `PrometheusRule` object by setting appropriate labels.

== `serviceAccounts`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{}`
example::
+
[source,yaml]
----
provider-helm: {}
----

This parameter allows users to deploy arbitrary service accounts.
Each entry is transformed into a ServiceAccount resource.
The key is used as the name of the resulting resource.
The provided value is merged with an empty ServiceAccount resource.
The component doesn't validate the provided service account configuration.

A ServiceAccount name which matches a Provider name will generate a ControllerConfig resource for that provider.

== `clusterRoles`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{}`
example::
+
[source,yaml]
----
"cluster-role-name":
  rules:
    - verbs:
        - '*'
      apiGroups:
        - k8up.io
      resources:
        - schedules
----

This parameter allows users to deploy arbitrary cluster roles.
Each entry is transformed into a ClusterRole resource.
The key is used as the name of the resulting resource.
The provided value is merged with an empty ClusterRole resource.
The component doesn't validate the provided cluster role configuration.

== `clusterRoleBindings`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{}`
example::
+
[source,yaml]
----
"cluster-role-binding-name":
  roleRef:
    kind: ClusterRole
    name: cluster-role-name
  subjects:
    - kind: ServiceAccount
      name: any-sa
      namespace: any-namespace
----

This parameter allows users to deploy arbitrary cluster role bindings.
Each entry is transformed into a ClusterRoleBinding resource.
The key is used as the name of the resulting resource.
The provided value is merged with an empty ClusterRoleBinding resource.
The component doesn't validate the provided cluster role binding configuration.

== `controllerConfigs`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{}`
example::
+
[source,yaml]
----
"controller-config-name":
  spec:
    serviceAccountName: my-service
    image: docker.io/repo/image.latest
----

This parameter allows users to deploy arbitrary controller configs.
Each entry is transformed into a ControllerConfig resource.
The key is used as the name of the resulting resource.
The provided value is merged with an empty ControllerConfig resource.
The component doesn't validate the provided ControllerConfig spec.

If a key in `controllerConfigs` matches a key in `parameters.crossplane.serviceAccounts`, then the ControllerConfig's `spec.serviceAccountName` is overwritten and set equal to the matching key of `parameters.crossplane.serviceAccounts`.

== `providerConfigs`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{}`
example::
+
[source,yaml]
----
"provider-name-two": <1>
  apiVersion: helm.crossplane.io/v1beta1 <2>
  spec: <3>
    credentials:
      source: InjectedIdentity
----
<1> The key is used as the name of the resulting resource.
<2> Setting `apiVersion` defines in which the API group the ProviderConfig belongs to.
<3> The provided spec is merged with an empty ProviderConfig resource.

This parameter allows users to deploy arbitrary provider configs.
Each entry is transformed into a ProviderConfig resource.
The component doesn't validate the provided ProviderConfig spec.

== `helmValues`

[horizontal]
type:: dict

Values to configure the Helm chart.
See https://github.com/crossplane/crossplane/tree/master/cluster/charts/crossplane[the docs] for available parameters.

== Example

[source,yaml]
----
parameters:
  crossplane:
    images:
      crossplane:
        registry: mymirror.io
    providers:
      helm:
        package: crossplane/provider-helm:v0.3.5
    monitoring:
      enabled: false
    helmValues:
      resourcesCrossplane:
        limits:
          cpu: 2000m
        requests:
          cpu: 1000m
----

Commit message:

Add support for component-prometheus
Signed-off-by: Nicolas Bigler <nicolas.bigler@vshn.ch>

docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc, after:

= Parameters

The parent key for all of the following parameters is `crossplane`.

== `namespace`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `syn-crossplane`

The namespace in which to deploy Crossplane.

== `providers`

[horizontal]
type:: dictionary
default:: undefined

A dictionary holding the https://crossplane.github.io/docs/v1.7/concepts/providers.html[Crossplane providers] to be installed.
The keys of the dict are used as names for the Provider objects.

== `monitoring.enabled`

[horizontal]
type:: bool
default:: `true`

If monitoring should be enabled for this component.
Requires the https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator[Prometheus Operator] to be installed.

== `monitoring.prometheus_rule_labels`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{"prometheus":"platform"}`

Labels to set on the alert rule configuration.
Can be used to ensure prometheus-operator picks up the `PrometheusRule` object by setting appropriate labels.

== `monitoring.instance`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `null`

Which prometheus instance to use when setting the namespace label. If not set it will use the instance defined in `prometheus.defaultInstance`

== `serviceAccounts`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{}`
example::
+
[source,yaml]
----
provider-helm: {}
----

This parameter allows users to deploy arbitrary service accounts.
Each entry is transformed into a ServiceAccount resource.
The key is used as the name of the resulting resource.
The provided value is merged with an empty ServiceAccount resource.
The component doesn't validate the provided service account configuration.

A ServiceAccount name which matches a Provider name will generate a ControllerConfig resource for that provider.

== `clusterRoles`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{}`
example::
+
[source,yaml]
----
"cluster-role-name":
  rules:
    - verbs:
        - '*'
      apiGroups:
        - k8up.io
      resources:
        - schedules
----

This parameter allows users to deploy arbitrary cluster roles.
Each entry is transformed into a ClusterRole resource.
The key is used as the name of the resulting resource.
The provided value is merged with an empty ClusterRole resource.
The component doesn't validate the provided cluster role configuration.

== `clusterRoleBindings`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{}`
example::
+
[source,yaml]
----
"cluster-role-binding-name":
  roleRef:
    kind: ClusterRole
    name: cluster-role-name
  subjects:
    - kind: ServiceAccount
      name: any-sa
      namespace: any-namespace
----

This parameter allows users to deploy arbitrary cluster role bindings.
Each entry is transformed into a ClusterRoleBinding resource.
The key is used as the name of the resulting resource.
The provided value is merged with an empty ClusterRoleBinding resource.
The component doesn't validate the provided cluster role binding configuration.

== `controllerConfigs`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{}`
example::
+
[source,yaml]
----
"controller-config-name":
  spec:
    serviceAccountName: my-service
    image: docker.io/repo/image.latest
----

This parameter allows users to deploy arbitrary controller configs.
Each entry is transformed into a ControllerConfig resource.
The key is used as the name of the resulting resource.
The provided value is merged with an empty ControllerConfig resource.
The component doesn't validate the provided ControllerConfig spec.

If a key in `controllerConfigs` matches a key in `parameters.crossplane.serviceAccounts`, then the ControllerConfig's `spec.serviceAccountName` is overwritten and set equal to the matching key of `parameters.crossplane.serviceAccounts`.

== `providerConfigs`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{}`
example::
+
[source,yaml]
----
"provider-name-two": <1>
  apiVersion: helm.crossplane.io/v1beta1 <2>
  spec: <3>
    credentials:
      source: InjectedIdentity
----
<1> The key is used as the name of the resulting resource.
<2> Setting `apiVersion` defines in which the API group the ProviderConfig belongs to.
<3> The provided spec is merged with an empty ProviderConfig resource.

This parameter allows users to deploy arbitrary provider configs.
Each entry is transformed into a ProviderConfig resource.
The component doesn't validate the provided ProviderConfig spec.

== `helmValues`

[horizontal]
type:: dict

Values to configure the Helm chart.
See https://github.com/crossplane/crossplane/tree/master/cluster/charts/crossplane[the docs] for available parameters.

== Example

[source,yaml]
----
parameters:
  crossplane:
    images:
      crossplane:
        registry: mymirror.io
    providers:
      helm:
        package: crossplane/provider-helm:v0.3.5
    monitoring:
      enabled: false
    helmValues:
      resourcesCrossplane:
        limits:
          cpu: 2000m
        requests:
          cpu: 1000m
----
